>> Steve Kinney: From just the bare
minimum of the productivity
gains of navigating around
different files, or
jumping from where is
that function defined.
Or what is the type of this thing,
so on and
so forth or
those again hitting f2 to refactor.
Huge, right?
Those little, or
just jumping from editor to editor so
you're not sitting there stopping mouse.
There's something about the first time you
try to do that keystroke to jump from one
editor group to the other one,
it's gonna hurt.
The 77th time you do it,
it's gonna be muscle memory.
The next thing you know, you're not
thinking about it anymore, right?
All the way to getting a consistent
development environment.
If you are in one of those camps where you
are either working on different projects
or you need consistency across your team,
right?
To figuring out, again,
there was some controversy on whether
we'd want to run the tests or not.
It's super useful with these
VS Codeextensions very useful with
an electron app, maybe,
if you're just running npm start,
not the most important thing in the world,
right?
But the idea is, like for whatever the
things in your like development workflow
that are causing that friction
that is just slowing you down,
imperceptibly slow, right?
Snippets to just have
those common patterns so
you're not doing those things by hand.
If things speed you up 5%,
cumulatively over a year,
you're saving probably a week,
two weeks, three weeks, right?
And all of a sudden you're a hero, right?
Not because you're any
smarter than anyone else.
You will tell everyone
you're smarter than them.
People will believe that
But honestly, it's because you have
a try catch block that has a conditional
break point or something.
You know what I mean?
And l those things that were tedious and
took a long time are now faster for you.
Who's making like,
what are we going to do?
We got pets, we got Pokemon.
Come on, what's next?
>> Steve Kinney: I want an actual
Tamagotchi that I have to take care of and
I or Digimon, I have it fight.
Right, Mike Tyson, Doom.
Someone put doom in a VS code extension.
>> Speaker 2: It probably is all right.
>> Steve Kinney: One moment, please.
Is, yep, no, doom, no, that looks these.
>> Speaker 2: That shows
up under one review.
>> Steve Kinney: Because if
something exists that it runs doom.
You know this is gonna be high quality.
>> Speaker 2: Yep, delicious.
>> Steve Kinney: All right.
>> Steve Kinney: Hold on,
something's happening.
>> Speaker 2: There you go.
>> Speaker 2: It's a good play?
>> Steve Kinney: [LAUGH] I didn't
pay attention to the instructions.
To shoot.
>> Speaker 2: Yeah, all right.
>> Speaker 3: No way.
>> Steve Kinney: I occurs to me that I
have not played doom in 30 years, and
I don't know what I'm doing but anyway,
you can put doom in your editor.
Vim, your move.
Emacs, let's go.
>> [APPLAUSE]